Test script to validate Output CSV generated after normalizer.py
Usage: python testScript.py -o <output_csv_filename.csv>
NOTE: 1. Python 3.7.2 required.
      2. input_file needs to updated depending on the filename.
Script can be used on Windows and Linux
Author: Shivansh Mehta, shivansh.mehta@gmail.com


The test script takes the output CSV generated by normalizer.py as the input and tests for the following requirements:

- The input is converted so that:
  - The Timestamp column should be formatted in RFC3339 format.
  - The Timestamp column should be assumed to be in US/Pacific time; please convert it to US/Eastern.  You can assume that the input document is in UTF-8 and that any times that are missing timezone information are in US/Pacific.
  - All ZIP codes should be formatted as 5 digits. If there are less than 5 digits, assume 0 as the prefix.
  - The FullName column should be converted to uppercase. There will be non-English names.
  - The Address column should be passed through as is, except for Unicode validation. Please note there are commas in the Address field; your CSV parsing will need to take that into account. Commas will only be present inside a quoted string.
  - The FooDuration and BarDuration columns are in HH:MM:SS.MS format (where MS is milliseconds); please convert them to the total number of seconds expressed in floating point format. You should not round the result.
  - The TotalDuration column is filled with garbage data. For each row, please replace the value of TotalDuration with the sum of FooDuration and BarDuration.
  - The Notes column is free form text input by end-users; please do not perform any transformations on this column. If there are invalid UTF-8 characters, please replace them with the Unicode Replacement Character.
  - If a character is invalid, replace it with the Unicode Replacement Character. If that replacement makes data invalid (for example, because it turns a date field into something unparseable), print a warning to stderr and drop the row from your output.
